Looking for cats.
What is the size of your living space for your cat?
Medium sized
Do you have a family, and if so, how much family compatibility do you want in a cat?
High family compatibility
How often do you physically exert yourself?
Often
How often can you provide attention to other things?
Very often
How much experience do you have with grooming a cat?
Low amounts of experience
How much would you be willing to deal with your cat's hair shedding?
Average shedding is fine
How much meowing can you tolerate?
A decent amount 
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Bengal Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much living space do you have for your cat?
Medium sized living space
How compatible do you want your cat to be with your family? (if you have one)
Medium family compatibility
How often do you go on walks?
A usual amount
How often are you freely available to give attention to others?
Rarely
How experienced are you with cat grooming?
Not experienced
How well do you think you can you handle hair shedding?
Fine but not amazing
How well can you handle loud and frequent noises?
A normal amount
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a British Shorthair Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much room can you give your cat?
Large amount of room
How much should your cat be compatible with family members?
Moderate compatibility
How much energy do you usually have?
Moderate energy
Do you usually give people your full attention when helping them?
Moderate attention
Do you have cat grooming experience?
Below average experience
How much are you expecting your cat to shed?
Lots of shedding
Are you okay with your cat meowing a lot?
Only low amounts
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Maine Coon Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
What is the size of your home for your potential cat?
Small house
How family-compatible do you want your cat to be?
Very compatibile
How much energy can you exert each day?
High amounts of energy
How much attention are you willing to give to your potential cat?
As much as possible
How skilled are you at grooming a cat?
Moderate cat grooming skills
How often do you expect your cat to shed?
Average cat shedding
How much are you willing to take when it comes to cat noises?
Average cat noises
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Munchkin Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
What is the size of your living space for a potential cat?
Large living space
Should your cat have family compatibility?
Highly compatible
How often do you exercise?
Ordinary exercise amounts
Do you give things attention as required often?
As necessary
How much skill do you have in cat grooming?
High skill levels
How much cat hair shedding are you willing to deal with
High amounts
What level of noise can you tolerate for your potential cat?
Medium noise levels
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Ragdoll Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
What is the size of your living space for your cat?
Big living space
How well would you like your cat to be with your family?
Very family-friendly
How often do you go out on walks
Frequent walking
How much attention can you provide to your cat?
High amounts of attention
How skilled are you at cat grooming?
Low-skilled
How much would you be willing to deal with hair shedding?
Fair shedding
How loud would you prefer your dog to be?
Medium vocality
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Savannah Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much room can you accomodate for your dog?
Large accomodations 
How important is family compatibility to you for a cat?
Highly important
How much energy are you looking for in a cat?
Average energeticness
How needy do you think your future cat will be?
Average neediness
How well do you know how to groom a cat?
Average grooming skills
How much are you expecting your cat to shed?
Only an average amount
How much meowing can you tolerate?
Average meowing
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Scottish Fold Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much spare room do you have for your future cat?
Average amounts of spare room
How well do you want your cat to act around your family?
Highly family friendly
How energetic are you expecting your cat to be?
A highly energetic cat
How often do you provide attention to other people?
I prove attention very often
How skilled are you at grooming a cat?
Low skill level
How often do you anticipate your cat to shed?
Average shed frequency
Is meowing much of an issue?
Meowing is no big deal
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Siamese Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much space can you afford to give to your cat?
Can give a large amount of space
How well does your cat need to act around children?
Average around children
How much energy do you think your future cat has?
Unenergetic
How often do you think you can provide attention to your cat?
As much as possible
What's your skill level for grooming a cat?
Advanced level in cat grooming
How much shedding do you expect from your cat?
Lots of shedding is fine
What level of vocality from a cat is acceptable?
Low vocality if possible
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Persian Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much living quarters can you give to your cat?
Moderate living quarter space
Do you need a cat that can act well in a family?
Must be good around children
How energetic do you expect your cat to be?
High amounts of energy
How much attention do you think you can give your cat?
As much attention as possible
What is your experience level for grooming a cat?
Little to no grooming experience
How frequently do you expect your cat to shed?
Low, infrequent shedding
How often do you expect your future cat to be loud?
Loud is fine
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Sphynx Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!