Looking for dogs.
How much living space do you have?
Average
How compatible do you want your dog to be with your family? (if you have one)
High compatibility
How frequent do you exercise?
A normal amount
How often are you freely available to help people out?
An average amount
How experienced are you with dog grooming?
Not much experience
Can you handle hair shedding well?
Just okay
Can you deal with annoying noises well?
Pretty average
How important is cleanliness to your home?
Pretty important
Based upon your criteria, I recommend an American Pit Bull Terrier. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!
How large is your house?
Medium size
How much should your dog be compatible with family members?
Extremely compatible
How much energy do you have?
Average energy
How often do you give people your full attention?
Just a decent amount
Do you have dog grooming experience?
A decent amount
How do you prefer your dog to shed?
Average shedding
Are you okay with your dog barking a lot?
If it's not too much
Are you okay with your dog making a mess of your home?
Not really
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Bulldog. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How large is your living space?
Pretty small
Should your dog have family compatibility?
Yes, it should be very compatibile
How much energy do you have daily?
Average amounts of energy
How much care can you provide for your pet?
As long as it's not too much
How much skill do you have in dog grooming?
Very little
How much will hair shedding be an issue?
Could go either way
How much are you willing to take when it comes to dog barking?
Can handle lots of barking
How clean would you want your dog to be?
No slobbering
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Chihuahua. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much room do you have for dogs?
Only little room
How much do you want your dog to be family compatible?
Super compatible
How much do you workout?
A regular amount
How frequent would you be able to provide stimulation to this dog?
Can give it ordinary attention
How well can you groom dogs?
Can do an ok job.
How much of a problem is hair shedding?
Not too big of a deal but not great 
What amount of barking can you tolerate from your dog?
Huge amounts is fine
How clean would your ideal dog be?
Quite clean
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Dachshund. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!
How much room can you have for your dog?
Only a little room
How much do you want your dog to be family-compatible?
Very compatible
How much do you exercise?
A consistent amount
How often would you be able to provide stimulation to this dog?
Can give it average attention
How well can you groom a dog?
Can do a so-so job.
How much of a difficulty is hair shedding?
Not great but not too big of a deal
How much barking can you tolerate from your dog?
Large amounts is fine
How clean would you prefer your dog to be?
Fairly clean
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Dachshund. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
What is the size of your living space for your dog?
Typical 
Do you have a family, and if so, how much family compatibility do you want in a dog?
Strong family compatibility
How energetic are you?
Medium energy
How often are you willing to let other things get your attention?
High
How much experience do you have with grooming a dog?
Medium experience
How much would you be willing to deal with hair sheddings?
Excessive
What level of noise can you tolerate for your potential dog?
Medium level
How clean do you usually prefer to keep your house?
Medium cleaning
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Golden Retriever. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much room do you have for your dog?
A fair amount
How important is family compatibility to you for a dog?
Very important
How much energy are you looking for in a dog?
Lots of energy
How needy do you think your future dog will be?
Very needy
How well do you know how to groom dogs?
Decent knowledge
How much are you expecting your dog to shed?
Lots of shedding
How much barking can you tolerate?
An average amount of barking
How frequent do you expect to clean up after your dog?
Often, but not too much
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Labrador Retriever. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much spare room do you have for your future dog?
A small amount
How well do you want your dog to act around your family?
Very well
How energetic are you expecting your dog to be?
Decently energetic
How much attention can you provide to other people?
Average attention levels
How skilled are you at grooming a dog?
Average skill level
How frequent do you expect your dog to shed?
A lot of shedding
How much of a problem is barking?
Not much of a problem
What is the level of cleanliness you expect when you come home?
High cleanliness
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Pomeranian. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much space can you afford to give to your dog?
Lots of space
How well does your dog need to act around children?
Good around children
How much energy do you and the people around you have?
High amount of energy
How often can you provide attention to the people around you?
Very often
How well do you know how to groom a dog?
High skill level in dog grooming
How much shedding do you expect from your dog?
Little shedding, if any
How much can you tolerate dog barking?
High levels of tolerance
How often do you expect to clean up after your dog?
Frequent cleanups
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Poodle. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much living quarters can you give to your dog?
Average sized living quarters
Do you need a dog that can act well in a family?
Yes, highly friendly
How energetic do you expect your dog to be?
High energy
How much attention do you think you can give your dog?
Lots of attention
How often do you expect to groom your dog?
Standard amount
How often do you expect your dog to shed?
Frequent shedding
How often do you expect your future dog to be loud?
Frequent barks
What's the cleanliness level you expect from your dog?
Medium cleanliness
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Siberian Husky. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!
Looking for cats.
What is the size of your living space for your cat?
Medium sized
Do you have a family, and if so, how much family compatibility do you want in a cat?
High family compatibility
How often do you physically exert yourself?
Often
How often can you provide attention to other things?
Very frequent
How much experience do you have with grooming a cat?
Low amounts of experience
How much would you be willing to deal with your cat's hair shedding?
Average shedding is fine
How much meowing can you tolerate?
A reasonable amount 
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Bengal Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much living space do you have for your cat?
Medium sized living space
How compatible do you want your cat to be with your family? (if you have one)
Medium family compatibility
How often do you go on walks?
A usual amount
How often are you freely available to give attention to others?
Rarely
How experienced are you with cat grooming?
Not experienced
How well do you think you can you handle hair shedding?
Fine but not amazing
How well can you handle loud and frequent noises?
Normal amount
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a British Shorthair Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much room can you give your cat?
Large amount of room
How much should your cat be compatible with family members?
Moderate compatibility
How much energy do you usually have?
Moderate energy
Do you usually give people your full attention when helping them?
Moderate attention
Do you have cat grooming experience?
Below average experience
How much are you expecting your cat to shed?
Plenty of shedding
Are you okay with your cat meowing a lot?
Only low amounts
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Maine Coon Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
What is the size of your home for your potential cat?
Small house
How family-compatible do you want your cat to be?
Very compatibile
How much energy can you exert each day?
Lot of energy
How much attention are you willing to give to your potential cat?
As great as possible
How skilled are you at grooming cats?
Moderate cat grooming skills
How often do you expect your cat to shed?
Average cat shedding
How much are you willing to take when it comes to cat noises?
Average cat noises
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Munchkin Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
What is the size of your living space for a potential cat?
Large living space
Should your cat have family compatibility?
Highly compatible
How often do you exercise?
Ordinary exercise amounts
Do you give things attention as required often?
As necessary
How much skill do you have in cat grooming?
High skill levels
How much cat hair shedding are you willing to deal with
High amounts
What level of noise can you tolerate for your potential cat?
Medium noise levels
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Ragdoll Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
What is the size of your living space for your cats?
Big living space
How well would you like your cat to be with your family?
Very family-friendly
How often do you go out on walks
Frequent walking
How much attention can you provide to your cat?
High amounts of attention
How skilled are you at cat grooming?
Low-skilled
How much would you be willing to deal with hair shedding?
Fair shedding
How loud would you prefer your dog to be?
Medium vocality
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Savannah Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much room can you accomodate for your dog?
Large accomodations 
How important is family compatibility to you for a cat?
Highly important
How much energy are you looking for in a cat?
Average energeticness
How needy do you think your future cat will be?
Average neediness
How well do you know how to groom a cat?
Average grooming skills
How much do you prefer your cat to shed?
Only an average amount
What meowing level can you tolerate?
Average meowing
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Scottish Fold Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much spare room do you have for your future cat?
Average amounts of spare room
How well do you want your cat to act around your family?
Highly family friendly
How energetic are you expecting your cat to be?
A highly energetic cat
How often do you provide attention to other people?
I prove attention very often
How skilled are you at grooming a cat?
Low skill level
How often do you anticipate your cat to shed?
Average shed frequency
Is meowing much of an issue?
Meowing is no big deal
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Siamese Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much space can you afford to give to your cat?
Can give a large amount of space
How well does your cat need to act around children?
Average around children
How much energy do you think your future cat has?
Unenergetic
How often do you think you can provide attention to your cat?
As much as possible
What's your skill level for grooming a cat?
Advanced level in cat grooming
How much shedding do you expect from your cat?
Lots of shedding is fine
What level of vocality from a cat is acceptable?
Low vocality if possible
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Persian Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for cats.
How much living quarters can you give to your cat?
Moderate living quarter space
Do you need a cat that can act well in a family?
Must be good around children
How energetic do you expect your cat to be?
High amounts of energy
How much attention do you think you can give your cat?
As much attention as possible
What is your experience level for grooming a cat?
Little to no grooming experience
How frequently do you expect your cat to shed?
Low, infrequent shedding
How often do you expect your future cat to be loud?
Loud is fine
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Sphynx Cat. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!