Looking for dogs.
How much living space do you have?
Average
How compatible do you want your dog to be with your family? (if you have one)
High compatibility
How often do you exercise?
A normal amount
How often are you freely available to help people out?
An average amount
How experienced are you with dog grooming?
Not experienced
Can you handle hair shedding well?
Just okay
Can you deal with annoying noises well?
Pretty average
How important is cleanliness to your home?
Pretty important
Based upon your criteria, I recommend an American Pit Bull Terrier. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How large is your house?
Medium size
How much should your dog be compatible with family members?
Extremely compatible
How much energy do you have?
Average energy
How often do you give people your full attention?
Just a decent amount
Do you have dog grooming experience?
A decent amount
How much are you expecting your dog to shed?
Average shedding
Are you okay with your dog barking a lot?
As long as it's not too much
Are you okay with your dog making a mess of your home?
Not really
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Bulldog. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How large is your living space?
Pretty small
Should your dog have family compatibility?
Yes, it should be very compatibile
How much energy do you have daily?
Average amounts of energy
How much do you think you can provide care to your pet?
As long as it's not too much
How much skill do you have in dog grooming?
Very little
How much will hair shedding be an issue?
Could go either way
How much are you willing to take when it comes to dog barking?
Can handle lots of barking
How clean would you want your dog to be?
No slobbering
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Chihuahua. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much room do you have for dogs?
Only a little room
How much do you want your dog to be family-compatible?
Very compatible
How much do you exercise?
A regular amount
How often would you be able to provide stimulation to this dog?
Can give it average attention
How well can you groom a dog?
Can do an ok job.
How much of a problem is hair shedding?
Not great but not too big of a deal
How much barking can you tolerate from your dog?
Huge amounts is fine
How clean would you prefer your dog to be?
Quite clean
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Dachshund. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much room do you have for dogs?
Only a little room
How much do you want your dog to be family-compatible?
Very compatible
How much do you exercise?
A regular amount
How often would you be able to provide stimulation to this dog?
Can give it average attention
How well can you groom a dog?
Can do an ok job.
How much of a problem is hair shedding?
Not great but not too big of a deal
How much barking can you tolerate from your dog?
Huge amounts is fine
How clean would you prefer your dog to be?
Quite clean
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Dachshund. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
What is the size of your living space for your dog?
Average 
Do you have a family, and if so, how much family compatibility do you want in a dog?
High
How energetic are you?
Medium energy
How often are you willing to let other things get your attention?
High
How much experience do you have with grooming a dog?
Medium experience
How much would you be willing to deal with hair shedding?
High
What level of noise can you tolerate for your potential dog?
Medium level
How clean do you usually prefer to keep your house?
Medium cleaning
Based upon your crtiteria, I recommend a Golden Retriever. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much room can you accomodate for your dog?
A decent amount
How important is family compatibility to you for a dog?
Very important
How much energy are you looking for in a dog?
Lots of energy
How needy do you think your future dog will be?
Very needy
How well do you know how to groom a dog?
Decent knowledge
How much are you expecting your dog to shed?
Lots of shedding
How much barking can you tolerate?
An average amount of barking
How often do you expect to clean up after your dog?
Often, but not too much
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Labrador Retriever. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much spare room do you have for your future dog?
A small amount
How well do you want your dog to act around your family?
Very well
How energetic are you expecting your dog to be?
Decently energetic
How much attention can you provide to other people?
Average attention levels
How skilled are you at grooming a dog?
Average skill level
How often do you expect your dog to shed?
A lot of shedding
How much of a problem is barking?
Not much of a problem
What is the level of cleanliness you expect when you come home?
High cleanliness
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Pomeranian. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much space can you afford to give to your dog?
Lots of space
How well does your dog need to act around children?
Good around children
How much energy do you and the people around you have?
High amounts of energy
How often can you provide attention to the people around you?
Very often
How well do you know how to groom a dog?
High skill level in dog grooming
How much shedding do you expect from your dog?
Little shedding, if any
How much can you tolerate dog barking?
High levels of tolerance
How often do you expect to clean up after your dog?
Frequent cleanups
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Poodle. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!Looking for dogs.
How much living quarters can you give to your dog?
Average sized living quarters
Do you need a dog that can act well in a family?
Yes, highly friendly
How energetic do you expect your dog to be?
High energy
How much attention do you think you can give your dog?
Lots of attention
How often do you expect to groom your dog?
Average
How often do you expect your dog to shed?
Frequent shedding
How often do you expect your future dog to be loud?
Frequent barks
What's the cleanliness level you expect from your dog?
Medium cleanliness
Based upon your criteria, I recommend a Siberian Husky. Hope you have a wonderful time with your pet!
